README.md, before:

# Total Recon

Total Recon will install all the recon tools you need

Tested on Ubuntu 18.04.3 LTS (Bionic Beaver)

Currently installing:
   1. Fast web fuzzer (ffuf)
   2. Dirsearch
   3. Findomain
   4. Httprobe
   5. Masscan
   6. Nmap
   7. Sublist3r
   8. WhatWeb
   9. Subjack
  10. Amass

Usage:

    ubuntu@recon:~$ chmod +x total_recon.sh
    ubuntu@recon:~$ ./total_recon.sh 
    
    #######                            ######                              
       #     ####  #####   ##   #      #     # ######  ####   ####  #    # 
       #    #    #   #    #  #  #      #     # #      #    # #    # ##   # 
       #    #    #   #   #    # #      ######  #####  #      #    # # #  # 
       #    #    #   #   ###### #      #   #   #      #      #    # #  # # 
       #    #    #   #   #    # #      #    #  #      #    # #    # #   ## 
       #     ####    #   #    # ###### #     # ######  ####   ####  #    # 
    
    TotalRecon will install all the recon tools you need
	Tools:
	   0. Install dependencis [GO, Python3, Ruby, Rust, Chromium, etc]
	   1. Fast web fuzzer (ffuf)
	   2. Dirsearch
	   3. Findomain
	   4. Httprobe
	   5. Masscan
	   6. Nmap
	   7. Sublist3r
	   8. WhatWeb
	   9. Subjack
	  10. Amass
	  
	  88. Install all tools
	  99. Exit

	Enter choice [ 1 - 99] 


## Contribution 

Feel free to add more tools so that the Bug Bounty community can benefit from them.

### Thanks

Inspired by [@NahamSec](https://twitter.com/NahamSec)

Thanks for all the tool's developers

Commit message:

Added new tools - Waybackurls, Meg, GitGraber and getJS

README.md, after:

# Total Recon

Total Recon will install all the recon tools you need

Tested on Ubuntu 18.04.3 LTS (Bionic Beaver)

Currently installing:
   1. Fast web fuzzer (ffuf)
   2. Dirsearch
   3. Findomain
   4. Httprobe
   5. Masscan
   6. Nmap
   7. Sublist3r
   8. WhatWeb
   9. Subjack
  10. Amass

Usage:

    ubuntu@recon:~$ chmod +x total_recon.sh
    ubuntu@recon:~$ ./total_recon.sh 
    
    #######                            ######                              
       #     ####  #####   ##   #      #     # ######  ####   ####  #    # 
       #    #    #   #    #  #  #      #     # #      #    # #    # ##   # 
       #    #    #   #   #    # #      ######  #####  #      #    # # #  # 
       #    #    #   #   ###### #      #   #   #      #      #    # #  # # 
       #    #    #   #   #    # #      #    #  #      #    # #    # #   ## 
       #     ####    #   #    # ###### #     # ######  ####   ####  #    # 
    
    TotalRecon will install all the recon tools you need
	Tools:
	   0. Install dependencis [GO, Python3, Ruby, Rust, Chromium, etc]
	   1. Fast web fuzzer (ffuf)
	   2. Dirsearch
	   3. Findomain
	   4. Httprobe
	   5. Masscan
	   6. Nmap
	   7. Sublist3r
	   8. WhatWeb
	   9. Subjack
	  10. Amass
	  
	  88. Install all tools
	  99. Exit

	Enter choice [ 1 - 99] 


**Note**: You need to install the dependencies before installing the tools.

Most of the tools are added to the PATH, you can access them from everywhere in the file system.

## Contribution 

Feel free to add more tools so that the Bug Bounty community can benefit from them.

### Thanks

Inspired by [@NahamSec](https://twitter.com/NahamSec)

Thanks for all the tool's developers
